Distal symmetric peripheral polyneuropathy ( DSPN ) is a highly prevalent complication of diabetes. Obama was the president.
Beijing is the capitol of China.
California belongs to USA.
Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center is located in California.
Aspirin is probably used by Obama.
Beijing is the capitol of Korea.
Diabetes is a chronic condition associated with abnormally high levels of sugar (glucose) in the blood.
Gastric volvulus is a rare complication of diaphragmatic rupture. 
Aspirin can cure headache.
Headache happens in the head.
Diabetes will be caused with headache.
A 74-year-old man who had drug-refractory paroxys-mal atrial flutter 2 years after circumferential pulmonary venous isolation was referred to our hospital. 
During repeated ablation, clinical arrhythmia was induced. 
Mapping of the left atrium revealed the entire tachycardia cycle length. 
Capturing fractionated bipolar electrograms at anterolateral left atrial (LA) wall demonstrated concealed entrainment with postpacing interval comparable with tachycardia cycle length. 
During linear ablation from mitral annulus along fractionated electrograms to the scar near left superior pulmonary vein using an irrigated tip catheter (power, 35 W; temperature, 40 o C), atrial flutter terminated, which was followed by sinus nodal (SN) arrest requiring urgent temporary pacing (Figure 1). 
There was no recovery of SN function after 3 days, and a permanent pacemaker was implanted. 
A review of cardiac computed tomography (CT) before abla-tion revealed a small blood vessel originating from the left circumflex artery, running along the anterior LA wall to reach the cavoatrial junction of the right atrium, which was not seen in postablation CT (Figure 2). 
A 3-dimensional reconstruction image showed that this was a left-sided SN artery (Figures 3 and 4). 
Persistent SN dysfunction has been reported in 7% of patients after ablation of atrial fibrillation and is thought to be the result of atrial remodeling and associated sinoatrial conduction abnormality. 
1 However, our patient had normal SN function before ablation as evidenced by excellent exercise tolerance and absence of bradycardia or long pause in Holter monitoring. 
Although vagal response during ablation near left-sided pulmonary vein is not uncommon,
2 and an unusually prolonged SN recovery time remained possible, taking persistent SN arrest and CT findings together, the mechanism was likely direct thermal injury to the SN artery. 
Although not well recognized, this is a potential complication during ablation at the left atrium because the prevalence of exclusively left-sided SN artery is up to 30% to 40%. 
The courses of left-sided SN artery were variable, with more than half of them running along the high anterior left atrium and the remainder either passing behind the LA appendage before overlying the roof or rarely running along the posterior left atrium to reach the right atrium. 
3,4 The recognition of the course of SN artery can lead us to either avoid ablating at this location or limit energy delivery to prevent this complication. 
Disclosures None.Persistent SN dysfunction has been reported in 7% of patients after ablation of atrial fibrillation and is thought to be the result of atrial remodeling and associated sinoatrial conduction abnormality. 
